Chat Agent
Usage
@workspace
Use @workspace when you want Copilot to consider the structure of your project, how different parts of your code interact, or design patterns in your project.
@terminal
Use @vscode when you want help with Visual Studio Code.
@vscode
Use @terminal when you want help creating or debugging terminal commands.

Chat Variable
Usage
#codebase
the contents of the current workspace. It includes information about the files and folders in your workspace, as well as any settings or configurations specific to that workspace.
#editor
the code in the active editor. The editor content is implicitly included in the Chat view context.
#file
include a specified file in your workspace as context with your chat prompt.
#git
information about the current git repository, such as the workspace folder, branch name, remotes, and more.
#selection
the visible source code in the active editor.
#terminalLastCommand
the active terminal's last run command.
#terminalSelection
the active terminal's selection.
#vscodeAPI
use VS Code API references to answer questions about VS Code extension development.

Command
Usage
/doc
Add comments for specified or selected code.Examples:- /doc DeleteBasketAsync method in BasketService.cs- select desired code and enter /doc
/explain
Get code explanations.Examples:- /explain the AddItemToBasket method in BasketService.cs- select desired code and enter /explain
/fix
Propose a fix for problems in the selected code.Examples:- /fix the SetQuantities method in BasketService.cs- select desired code and enter /fix
/generate
Generate code to answer specified question.Example: /generate code to add two numbers in Calculator.cs
/help
Get help on using Copilot Chat.Example: /help
/optimize
Analyze and improve running time of the selected code.Examples:- /optimize the AddItemToBasket method in BasketService.cs- select desired code and enter /optimize
/tests
Create unit tests for the selected code.Example: select desired code and enter /tests using XUnit Framework
