WORKSHOP/5.USE_CASES.md, before:

- Learning about the project, onboarding
- Requirements / tasks analysis / Estimations
- System Design (architecture, libraries, solutions)
- Creating new components
- Small Coding tasks (algorithms, regexp, validation, error handling, queries etc.)
- Documenting
- Unit testing / E2E testing (including mock data generation, edge cases)
- Code reviews
- Troubleshooting / debugging / bug fixing
- Refactoring

## 1 Learning about the project, onboarding
### Use Case 1.1: Understanding Authentication Flow
- Start this application
- How does authentication work in this application?
- Give me some test usernames and passwords

### Use Case 1.2: Project Structure Overview
- What's the main structure of this application?
- How are components organized?

## Use Case 1.3: Troubleshooting / debugging / bug fixing
- I see that avatars are not displayed. Please fix it.
- When I'm in my account page, i see that in text inputs all code is too close to the left border. fix it

## 2 Requirements / tasks analysis / Estimations
### Use Case 2.1: Feature Analysis and Estimation

- @workspace Analyze the task in #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md , and create clear explanation of task (highlight points which require clarification, do not make assumptions)
- For every point requiring clarification give your suggestion in table view. Display possible options and your suggestion with reasoning.
- That is fine. Create a detailed breakdown of these tasks in #file:TASK.md file
- Estimate each small task and give total estimation for an average full-stack senior software engineer
- Add as the first task a task to create a small widget at the top of the page with currencies rates for USD, EUR, GBP. It should be updated every 30 seconds.

## Use Case 2.2: System Design (architecture, libraries, solutions)
- #fetch Search for free api's for exchange rates and pick the best one.
- what's the best solution for caching currency exchange rates?

## Use Case 2.3: Creating new components
- #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md #file:TASK.md Now begin implementing the solution for exchange rates task by task.

## 3 Coding (algorithms, regexp, validation, error handling, queries etc.) - See 5b.QUERIES_REGEXP.md for more details
- Write an SQL query to get all users who have not logged in for the last 30 days.
- Write an Mongoshell query to get total sums of all transactions for all users in the last 30 days.
- Write a regex to find all users with 'John' as part of name or last name. Regexp for Typecript

## 4 Documenting
- Write a documentation for the new feature in #file:CURRENCY_FEATURE.md. Use beatiful markdown and include examples.
- Comment the code in #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md and #file:TASKS.md files. Use clear and simple language.
- Add JSDoc comments to the functions in #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md and #file:TASKS.md files. Use clear and simple language.

## 5 Unit testing / E2E testing (including mock data generation, edge cases)
- Write unit tests for the function in #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md and #file:TASKS.md files. Use clear and simple language.
- Write E2E tests for the new feature in #file:CURRENCY_FEATURE.md. Use clear and simple language.

## 6 Code reviews
- Review the code in #changes. Point out errors, code smells, performace issues, security issues, and suggest improvements.
- Review the code in #changes. Check if this code won't have breaking changes.
- Review the code in #changes. If current version is 1.2.0, suggest a new version number according to semantic versioning.

## 7 Troubleshooting / debugging / bug fixing
- I see that avatars are not displayed. Please fix it.
- When I'm in my account page, i see that in text inputs all code is too close to the left border. fix it

## 8 Refactoring
- The performance of the app is too low. Check the code in #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md and #file:TASKS.md files and suggest improvements.
- The #database file is too big. Refactor it to make it smaller and more readable. (EXAMPLE OF PUBLIC CODE)

## 9 MCP
### Use Case 11: Database Schema Discovery
- What database tables and relationships exist in this application?

Commit message:

docs: update project documentation for clarity and structure improvements

WORKSHOP/5.USE_CASES.md, after:

# Use Cases for GitHub Copilot in Software Development

## 1 Learning about the project, onboarding

### Use Case 1.1: Understanding Authentication Flow

- Start this application
- How does authentication work in this application?
- Give me some test usernames and passwords

### Use Case 1.2: Project Structure Overview

- What's the main structure of this application?
- How are components organized?

## Use Case 1.3: Troubleshooting / debugging / bug fixing

- I see that avatars are not displayed. Please fix it.
- When I'm in my account page, i see that in text inputs all code is too close to the left border. fix it

## 2 Requirements / tasks analysis / Estimations

### Use Case 2.1: Feature Analysis and Estimation

- @workspace Analyze the task in #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md , and create clear explanation of task (highlight points which require clarification, do not make assumptions)
- For every point requiring clarification give your suggestion in table view. Display possible options and your suggestion with reasoning.
- That is fine. Create a detailed breakdown of these tasks in #file:TASK.md file
- Estimate each small task and give total estimation for an average full-stack senior software engineer
- Add as the first task a task to create a small widget at the top of the page with currencies rates for USD, EUR, GBP. It should be updated every 30 seconds.

## Use Case 2.2: System Design (architecture, libraries, solutions)

- #fetch Search for free api's for exchange rates and pick the best one.
- what's the best solution for caching currency exchange rates?

## Use Case 2.3: Creating new components

- #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md #file:TASK.md Now begin implementing the solution for exchange rates task by task.

## 3 Coding (algorithms, regexp, validation, error handling, queries etc.) - See 5b.QUERIES_REGEXP.md for more details

- Write an SQL query to get all users who have not logged in for the last 30 days.
- Write an Mongoshell query to get total sums of all transactions for all users in the last 30 days.
- Write a regex to find all users with 'John' as part of name or last name. Regexp for Typecript

## 4 Documenting

- Write a documentation for the new feature in #file:CURRENCY_FEATURE.md. Use beatiful markdown and include examples.
- Comment the code in #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md and #file:TASKS.md files. Use clear and simple language.
- Add JSDoc comments to the functions in #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md and #file:TASKS.md files. Use clear and simple language.

## 5 Unit testing / E2E testing (including mock data generation, edge cases)

- Write unit tests for the function in #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md and #file:TASKS.md files. Use clear and simple language.
- Write E2E tests for the new feature in #file:CURRENCY_FEATURE.md. Use clear and simple language.

## 6 Code reviews

- Review the code in #changes. Point out errors, code smells, performace issues, security issues, and suggest improvements.
- Review the code in #changes. Check if this code won't have breaking changes.
- Review the code in #changes. If current version is 1.2.0, suggest a new version number according to semantic versioning.

## 7 Troubleshooting / debugging / bug fixing

- I see that avatars are not displayed. Please fix it.
- When I'm in my account page, i see that in text inputs all code is too close to the left border. fix it

## 8 Refactoring

- The performance of the app is too low. Check the code in #file:5a.EXAMPLE_TASK.md and #file:TASKS.md files and suggest improvements.
- The #database file is too big. Refactor it to make it smaller and more readable. (EXAMPLE OF PUBLIC CODE)

## 9 MCP

### Use Case 11: Database Schema Discovery

- What database tables and relationships exist in this application?
